You're making more sauce today?
Yes, 'cause I wanna make stuffed peppers.
Ah, stuffed peppers.
And I need the sauce.
Okay.
I cooked the rice.
And I cook with a little chunk of meat.
(sauce sizzles in pan)
And I put cheese.
What kind of cheese, Pia?
Romano, Pecorino Romano.
Pecorino Romano.
Yeah.
Little bit of water.
Just breaking it up a little bit?
Oh, I gotta break it up with the rice.
You gotta learn how to make it.
'Cause Grandma not gonna be here too long.
Where do you get these peppers?
Farmer market.
Farmer's market, right?
You're the best.
Grandma, there's a spot, you rip this one.
You don't have to cut it. (laughs)
What are you gonna do now?
You gotta use the eggs.
You gotta broke in a glass and a dish
'cause in case of the rot.
Ah, 'cause if it's a bad one,
it ruins the whole meal, okay.
Mix everything with your hands.
Too much.
My hands clean, Tony.
All right.
That's it?
That's easy.
It's very easy.
Did you put the oil in the frying pan?
Yes.
(peppers sizzle in pan)
Love to hear that sound.
I'm done, this one.
Grab this, put it in here.
Okay.
Look at that sauce.
Ooh, you gonna put the fresh sauce?
Wow, yeah.
You're gonna make people hungry.
Discipline, we have for dinner.
We're having this, meatloaf-
You're making me hungry now.
Look at that steam, smells good.
Mama.
I'm gonna boil them easy, easy, easy.
Easy.
Very slow cooking.
Okay.
How's it look?
Good.
Good?
Yeah, cook.
Almost cooked.
Wow.
And I finished, wanna eat now.
All right, time to eat, look at those peppers.
(Tony whistles)
(Pia speaks Italian)